        
        -- INEQUALITY --
                => Inequality refers to the unequal distributions of walk and property among the people and there is a wide gap between the poor and rich people. 
                
                There are different methods to calculate the inequality but the most widely used method is called gini coefficient. 
                Under this method, The value of inequality various between the 0 and the 1. 
                Where the 0 refers to the perfect equality and the 1 refers to the perfect inequality.
                If the gini coefficient of a country is a nearer to zero, then it has less equality but if the value is where to 1 there in more inequality.
                At present the inequality of Nepal is calculated to be 0.3 which means the inequality is quite less on Nepal.
                
        Causes of inequality : 
                1. Difference in  educations and training /skills. 
                2. Inheritance of property
                3. Lack of Employment / unemployment
                4. Social Exclusion / factors
                5. opportunity
                6. corruptions 
                7. Unequal distributions of wealth 
                8. High Population growth
                
        
        Measures to reduce inequality :         
                1. Inequality can be reduced by implementing the progressive tax system 
                2. Inequality can be reduced by providing the employment to the unemployment populations.
                3. Inequality can be reduced by high populations growth.
                4. Inequality can be reduced by increasing the salary and the wages of the people. 
                5. Free educations and skills training and health care to low-income families 
                6. Inequality can be reduced by providing the allowance and pensions to the disabled sick, elderly, single woman etc. 
                7. Inheritance of property increases economic inequality because wealth remains within rich families. If sons do not have automatic rights to ancestral 
                   property and parents are allowed to distribute property freely, wealth can be shared more fairly. This can help reduce economic inequality.
